sb@LDC.UPENN.EDU                 Steven Bird
choukri@ELDA.FR                  Khalid Choukri
gibbon@SPECTRUM.UNI-BIELEFELD.DE Dafydd Gibbon
jcgood@SOCRATES.BERKELEY.EDU     Jeff Good
ide@CS.VASSAR.EDU                Nancy Ide
alex.kasonde@LEARNLINK.EMORY.EDU Alex Kasonde
amahoney@PERSEUS.TUFTS.EDU       Anne Mahoney
manning@CS.STANFORD.EDU          Chris Manning
boydm@VJF.CNRS.FR                Boyd Michailovsky
Paola.Monachesi@LET.UU.NL        Paola Monachesi
mpalmer@LINC.CIS.UPENN.EDU       Martha Palmer
Laurent.Romary@LORIA.FR          Laurent Romary
rydbergcoxj@UMKC.EDU             Jeffrey Rydberg-Cox
msangrey@BLUEFELTHAT.ORG         Mike Sangrey
amybshort@HOTMAIL.COM            Amy Short
Gary_Simons@SIL.ORG              Gary Simons
aksimpso@SOCRATES.BERKELEY.EDU   Andrew Simpson
editors@LINGUISTLIST.ORG         John Smith
ronald@UCLINK.BERKELEY.EDU       Ronald Sprouse
rich@THOMASON.ORG                Rich Thomason
stinney@SAS.UPENN.EDU            Steve Tinney
david_weber@SIL.ORG              David Weber
glottolo@ILC.PI.CNR.IT           Nicoletta Calzolari Zamorani
